.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH myatscc 1 "July 30, 2018"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
myatscc \- Simple ATS2 compiler frontend
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B myatscc
.RI [ options ] " files" ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B myatscc
is a frontend intended to simplify the compilation of ATS source code.
.B myatscc
attempts to figure out the necessary flags to compile any .dats file given to it on the command-line. A special comment-based syntax is provided for specifying options to the the
.B myatscc
frontend, and these comments are written directly into the source file to be compiled.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-dry
See the commands that
.B myatscc
would generate without actually running them.
.TP
.B \-\-gc
For use of the Boehm garbage collector for malloc.
.TP
.B \-\-help
Show usage information.
.SH EXAMPLES
Whatever needed for compiling foo.dats should be written as some form of comment inside foo.dats. For instance, the following comment is assumed to be the default (if nothing is given explicitly):
.br
.sp
.BI "(*"
.br
.BI "##myatsccdef=\\ "
.br
.BI "patscc -D_GNU_SOURCE -DATS_MEMALLOC_LIBC -o $fname($1) $1"
.br
.BI *)
.PP
Then on the command line the file may be compiled with:
.PP
.B myatscc foo.dats
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR patsopt (1),
.BR patscc (1)
.br
These programs are documented fully by
.B The ATS2/Postiats user's manual
available via the web at http://www.ats-lang.org/
.SH AUTHOR
.B myatscc
was written by Hongwei Xi.
.PP
This manual page was written by Matthew Danish <mrd@debian.org>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
